Bigquery label metadata (#971)
dataform-co/dataform: content/docs/warehouses/bigquery.md

- Find the email address of the service account through which you connected to Dataform. You can find this on the [Google Cloud IAM service accounts console page](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts). If you're developing your Dataform project locally (as opposed to using Dataform Web), you can find the service accounts email in the `.df-credentials.json` file.
- Share the Google sheet with the email address of the service account as you would a colleague, through the sheets sharing settings and make sure it has access.

### Using BigQuery labels

> [BigQuery labels](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/labels-intro) are key-value pair that helps you organize your Google Cloud BigQuery resources. To use them in Dataform, add them to the config block as so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[BigQuery labels](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/labels-intro) are key-value pairs that help you organize your Google Cloud BigQuery resources. To use them in Dataform, add them to the config block:
```

```sql
config {
  type: "table",
  bigquery: {
    labels: {
      label1: "val1",

>       -- If the label name contains special characters, e.g. hyphens, then quote its name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      /* If the label name contains special characters, e.g. hyphens, then quote its name. */
```
